# Valentines-
Just a girl and her Valentines Day projects!
  Hey guys! My name is Allie, and I'll be your somewhat excellent, probably sub-par host for this blog! There is so much going in my life. I am currently engaged and getting married in June (yay!), and working as a nanny while also trying to go to school. There's so much to do that sometimes, and by that I mean a lot of times. I get distracted by a girls best friend, Pintrest. And let me tell you, Pintrest and I we have a sort of love hate relationship. By that I actually mean, I love Pintrest a lot and devote time to it, and care for it and in return Pintrest causes me to fail. For example, I get on Pintrest and I LOVE everything I see, but when it comes time to actually complete a project or make those fabulous white chocolate raspberry cookies that only Subway makes, it never fails to flop. I promised myself I would do as many "pinned" items as I could this year! 
  Anyway, my first pin project was this lovely idea for red velvet popcorn! It looked SO good, I couldn't help but think it would make the perfect valentines treat for my family! The originial recipe came from **** blog and looked absolutely perfect! of course, on the way home from work I got lazy and decided to pass on the trip to walmart for red velvet cake mix and decided to sub out and use some left over chocolate cake I had. Thankfully I already had white chocolate chips and gharadelli choclate chips at home. 
  To start I popped two bags of regular popcorn. I tried to unpopped kernals for the air popper, but then I remembered that we had run out and thought the butter on the bagged popcorn might add a little extra something (plus it was what I had on hand). I placed the popped popcorn out on a cookie sheet and warmed the white choclate in the microwave. I only put a few chips in the bowl and warmed it in the microwave for no more than 15 seconds at a time, stirring well each time I took it out to check it out. I then had my chocolate cake ready so I could crumble it over the popcorn while it was still wet with white chocolate. After the white chocolate is completely melted I covered the popcorn in it, using my hands to making sure it got over all the popcorn, although I think tongs could work just as well. I then crumbled my cake over the popcorn while it was still wet from the chocolate, and mixed again. I decided at the end it needed a little something extra! So I added some adoarble valentines heart sprinkles I had in the cabinet and a dark chocolate drizzle over the top! Although they were pretty the sprinkles aren't completely neccesary. And voila! I had some good looking, sweet treat, valentines chocolate cake popcorn! :) The perfect little gift for my family and friends! 
